[System] Documentation Update: Remove linux-only field mappings from diskio, memory datastr… (#7941)
elastic/integrations: packages/system/_dev/build/docs/README.md

The System `diskio` data stream provides disk IO metrics collected from the
operating system. One event is created for each disk mounted on the system.

> > Note: For retrieving Linux-specific diskio metrics, use the [Linux](https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/linux) integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: For retrieving Linux-specific disk I/O metrics, use the [Linux](https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/linux) integration.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
